---
author:
  name: "Josh Duffney"
date: 08-04-2020
linktitle: We don't know how to work remotely
toc: true
show_comments: true
type: post
type: posts
title: We don't know how to work remotely 
tags: ["async","remote-work"]
categories: ["newsletter"]
---

# Tuesday's thoughts 08-02-2020

We don't know how to work remotely. The abuse of zoom is evidence of that. In the haste of switching to remote work, the chaos of the office has been transplanted into the digital world. Without the walls of physical buildings, we are left exposed and boundary-less. How do we work remotely without all the meetings, constant refreshing of an email inbox, and the expectation of a never-changing green status icon?

In the blog post, Asynchronous Communication Is The Future Of Work Blake Thorne summarizes asynchronous communication as a "respond later", while synchronous as "respond immediately". How many of your communication tools do you have a "respond later" mentality? My guess is very few. I treat email and slack as an urgent, respond immediately. Having recently switched jobs I felt the full effect of an always-on always synchronous method of communicating. It's exhausting. Fascinated by the article, I started to implement its advice.


In the post, it recommends you schedule check-ins. I've started to schedule email check-ins instead of having it constantly open. Doing so taught me no one actually expected me to reply immediately. I was the only one imposing that expectation. Next, I'll be doing the same for slack. I have a feeling that will be more challenging. I'm starting to understand that asynchronous communication is how you create a culture that supports deep work. Right now my email check-ins are 9:00 am and 1:00 pm. Now that I've become comfortable with that I'll be moving the check-ins back to 12:00 pm and 4:00 pm as Tim Ferriss suggests in The 4-hour workweek.

Here are some articles that are shaping how I understand asynchronous communication as it relates to remote work.

Asynchronous Communication Is The Future Of Work
Asynchronous Communication: The Real Reason Remote Workers Are More Productive
​The Art of Async: The Remote Guide to Team Communication​
​Learning to work asynchronously takes time

​What I'm reading
​Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World that Can't Stop Talking
​

What I'm learning
​Github actions. I'm extremely impressed with Github's actions and workflows. I've been using them to deploy Ansible and Terraform configurations. It's slick! Simply put they are the easiest CICD solution I've ever worked with. If you haven't already I highly recommend checking them out.
​
​What I'm working on

I'm working on maintaining my energy levels throughout the day. Here are my daily stimulant and nootropic routines.

​

4:30 2x Discipline Go & 8oz hot lemon water

6:30 am bulletproof coffee

1:00 pm MUD\WTR, four sigmatic or bulletproof coffee

2:00 pm No more caffeine​
​

Tip: How I read blog posts? I don't. I listen to them. I've been using Pocket to collect and tag articles. Then when I have downtime I listen to them vs reading.
​
​
Was this first newsletter useful? What questions do you have? What would you like to see covered in this newsletter?
